Can I be the same as you?
I meet those rich people every day
My vision
How can you poor ghosts compare?
Even if I can't afford it
You can also see these luxury cars every day
Can you?
People like you are a dog and a drunk, have you forgotten your roots?
Obviously an ordinary person
You have to put on a superior face
Hmph, mock others to satisfy your own vanity
So poor and sad
You get out of here
We don't entertain you poor people here
I warn you.
Be polite
Isn't it a million-dollar luxury car?
Do you think I can't afford it?
If you can afford it
I call you grandpa
Fine, you grandson!
I'll take it.
Sedum, don't be angry
These people look down on people
Why should we give him performance in vain?
Don't worry. Don't worry.
His professional business?
It's over as of today.
I will not give him another opportunity to humiliate and taunt others
But trust me.
If you are unreasonable just now
Apologize to us
I can consider it.
Give you a chance to stop checking
Otherwise I will definitely fire you